    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Semantic HTML is HTML that brings meaning to the webpage to the
        ensure the seo dends the right pages to the right queries.  

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML stands for Hyper text markup Language.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
         attributes are special words that used in of opening tags to control an elements 
         behaviour, an attribute is added to an HTML start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The H1 tag is is an attribute that's usually used for the title page to display the first 
        header visible on a page. Best practices aret that they should only be used once per page.
        but can be used as many times as you like.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img and source

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?

        header tags go into the head section of our HTML tag.

    7. What is an id? 
        a global attribute use to define unique identifier used to perform a certain task for a unique element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        as a global attribute it can be used with all elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        as many times as you like depends on the factor

    10. What is a class? 
        a class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to?
         inline elemants can be added to a class

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        the same class can be used multiple times to create the same style for elements

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        by adding setting the target attribute to "blank" to your achor 

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        it specifies alternative text (alt text) that is to be vieiwed,
        when the element to which it is applied to cannot be vieiwed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section defines a section in a document such as chapters, headers, footers or other sections of 
        documents, a div defines a division in document, it's used to block-elements to with css

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        To control multiple layouts of html documents all at once


    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        .h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        a class selector has  . before the name and a id selector has a # before it's name 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        write a . followed by the class name   

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        <p>"human"<p>

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        child selectors provide a way to select elements that fall inline with one another
        making the children of the parent element, it's useful becuase it adds csaling to the document to make it faster

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        <div class ="sidenav"> 

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of a selected character.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border-style

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm, you have be careful becuase it moes the file permanently

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        records changes to a file or set of files over time so that you can recall specific versions later. 


    35. How often should I commit to github?
        everytime changes are made

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push -u origin branch-name

        8. Use the **git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'** command to create your own branch name for the repo (this is the branch that you will be doing your work on)

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        -create your own version of the repo by clicking fork on the main page
        -add tl as collabotator
        -clom repos by clicking the download button
        -cd directory where you want to clone your forked repo using git clone <link-to-repo>
        -cd to newly created repo cd <repo-name>
        -use git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the repo
        -use git add. to add to your repos
        -use git commit -m "Your helpful commit message here" to commit changes
        -push changes back to your github by using git push -u origin branch-name 
        -use git checkout -b 
        in the forked project repo -click on the branch master\
    
        -select branch name and click new pull request 


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline elements do not force a new line and block elements typically cuase a line break

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    it's fixed to the position specification

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        by using box sizing properties

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        header. footer and section display a block by default and  2 elements that display in line by default are inline-block and block, span displays inline blok by default
   
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        a box that wraps around an html element, the fix would be to use box sizing
